docs: Use Github's vulnerability reporting (#432)
theupdateframework/go-tuf: docs/SECURITY.md

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> If you discover a potential security issue in this project we ask that you notify the go-tuf maintainers via [Github's private reporting feature](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/security-advisories/guidance-on-reporting-and-writing/privately-reporting-a-security-vulnerability). At the minimum, the report must contain the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you discover a potential security issue in this project we ask that you notify the go-tuf maintainers via [Github's private reporting feature](https://github.com/theupdateframework/go-tuf/security/advisories/new) (requires being signed in to GitHub). At the minimum, the report must contain the following:
```

should we link to our form here?
